---
layout: post
title:  "Rise and fall of rural development in Nwangele"
tags: [Outspoken, Home, View]
category: feature
images:
  path: /random/untitled444.png
  caption: Benin crafted arts in display
  credit: Charles / Afro Press
author: Angelaina Okoli
location: 
publisher: Nwangele Post
date: 2019-12-06 20:16:49 +0100
---

A voucher generation microservice application that generates three different types of Vouchers which include Gift voucher, Value voucher and a Discount voucher and redeems these vouchers. The voucher generation service was built with C# on .NET core framework with Mongodb as the database while the Redemption service was built with Java on Springboot with mssql as the database. I used Keycloak for user management and authentication, hangfire to run background tasks to improve user experience when generating multiple vouchers at a time and rabbitmq as a message broker between the two services.

## Repositories
* [Voucher Service](https://github.com/zainababubakar/Voucherz)
* [Redemption Service](https://github.com/zainababubakar/Redemption-Service)

Crossing the boundaries of genre with its unrivalled storytelling, Diana Gabaldon s new novel is a gift both to her millions of loyal fans and to the lucky readers who have yet to discover her. 

In the ten years since her extraordinary debut novel, Outlander, was published, beloved author Diana Gabaldon has entertained scores of readers with her heart-stirring stories and remarkable characters. The four volumes of her bestselling saga, featuring eighteenth-century Scotsman James Fraser and his twentieth-century, time-travelling wife, Claire Randall, boasts nearly 5 million copies in the U.S. 

The story of Outlander begins just after the Second World War, when a British field nurse named Claire Randall walks through a cleft stone in the Scottish highlands and is transported back some two hundred years to 1743. Here, now, is The Fiery Cross, the eagerly awaited fifth volume in this remarkable, award-winning series of historical novels. The year is 1771, and war is approaching. Jamie Fraser s wife has told him so. 

Little as he wishes to, he must believe it, for hers is a gift of dreadful prophecy a time-traveller s certain knowledge. To break his oath to the Crown will brand him a traitor; to keep it is certain doom. Jamie Fraser stands in the shadow of the fiery cross a standard that leads nowhere but to the bloody brink of war.


SOMETIMES THE ONE WHO LOVES YOU IS THE ONE WHO HURTS YOU THE MOST. 

Lily hasn't always had it easy, but that's never stopped her from working hard for the life she wants. She's come a long way from the small town in Maine where she grew up - she graduated from college, moved to Boston, and started her own business. 

So when she feels a spark with a gorgeous neurosurgeon named Ryle Kincaid, everything in Lily's life suddenly seems almost too good to be true. Ryle is assertive, stubborn, maybe even a little arrogant. He's also sensitive, brilliant, and has a total soft spot for Lily, but Ryle's complete aversion to relationships is disturbing. 

As questions about her new relationship overwhelm her, so do thoughts of Atlas Corrigan - her first love and a link to the past she left behind. He was her kindred spirit, her protector. When Atlas suddenly reappears, everything Lily has built with Ryle is threatened. 

With this bold and deeply personal novel, Colleen Hoover delivers a heart-wrenching story that breaks exciting new ground for her as a writer. It Ends With Us is an unforgettable tale of love that comes at the ultimate price.